All that we are is the result of what we have thought. Buddha
If you judge people, you have no time to love them. Mother Teresa
The most courageous act is still to think for yourself. Aloud. Coco Chanel
The greatest wealth is to live content with little. Plato
The future belongs to those who prepare for it today. Malcolm X
I have no special talent. I am only passionately curious. Albert Einstein
The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus. Bruce Lee
Those who dare to fail miserably can achieve greatly. John F. Kennedy
A great man is always willing to be little. Ralph Waldo Emerson
The root of suffering is attachment. Buddha
Wisely, and slow. They stumble that run fast. William Shakespeare
Keep calm and carry on. Winston Churchill
To be, or not to be, that is the question. William Shakespeare
That’s one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind. Neil Armstrong
Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise. Benjamin Franklin
Ask not what your country can do for you, but what you can do for your country. John F. Kennedy
Family is the most important thing in the world. Diana (Princess of Wales)
All I was doing was trying to get home from work. Rosa Parks
I came, I saw, I conquered. Julius Caesar
I think, therefore I am. René Descartes

Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect. Mark Twain

Be yourself; everyone else is already taken. Oscar Wilde

The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step. Lao Tzu

I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed. Michael Jordan

It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop. Confucius

It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up. Vince Lombardi

Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined. Henry David Thoreau

You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take. Wayne Gretzky

Nonviolence is a weapon of the strong. Mahatma Gandhi

Peace begins with a smile. Mother Teresa

Stay hungry, stay foolish. Steve Jobs

Good artists copy, great artists steal. Pablo Picasso

Big Brother is watching you. George Orwell

Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world. Nelson Mandela

The only thing that interferes with my learning is my education. Albert Einstein

Genius is one percent inspiration, ninety-nine percent perspiration. Thomas A. Edison

If you think you can do a thing or think you can’t do a thing, you’re right. Henry Ford

Better to die standing than to live on your knees. Ernesto “Che” Guevara

It always seems impossible until it’s done. Nelson Mandela

Try not to become a man of success but rather to become a man of value. Albert Einstein


Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. Albert Einstein

Our life is frittered away by detail… simplify, simplify. Henry David Thoreau

The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong. Mahatma Gandhi

Well done is better than well said. Benjamin Franklin

The unexamined life is not worth living. Socrates

Turn your wounds into wisdom. Oprah Winfrey

I don’t think of all the misery but of the beauty that still remains. Anne Frank

I fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 kicks once, but I fear the man who has practiced one kick 10,000 times. Bruce Lee

A man who stands for nothing will fall for anything. Malcolm X

Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none. William Shakespeare (wikipedia.org)

Do what you can, with what you have, where you are. Theodore Roosevelt

Little by little, one travels far. J.R.R. Tolkien


Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible. 14th Dalai Lama

I have a dream that one day little black boys and girls will be holding hands with little white boys and girls. Martin Luther King Jr

God helps those that help themselves. Benjamin Franklin

By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail. Benjamin Franklin

No. Rosa Parks

Fear is stupid. So are regrets. Marilyn Monroe

Do something worth remembering. Elvis Presley

Whatever you are, be a good one. Abraham Lincoln

Better to build a bridge than a wall. Elton John

Be proud of who you are. Eminem

Genius is eternal patience. Michelangelo

Not all those who wander are lost. J.R.R. Tolkien

Advertisement


It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves. William Shakespeare

I am the greatest, I said that even before I knew I was. Muhammad Ali

I would like to die on Mars. Just not on impact. Elon Musk

Winners never quit, and quitters never win. Vince Lombardi

Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication. Leonardo da Vinci

Nobody can hurt me without my permission. Mahatma Gandhi

It’s fun to do the impossible. Walt Disney

Have no fear of perfection, you’ll never reach it. Salvador Dali

We need fantasy to survive reality. Lady Gaga

The future starts today, not tomorrow. Pope John Paul II

The best way to predict your future is to create it. Abraham Lincoln

If not us, who? If not now, when? John F. Kennedy

Stumbling is not falling. Malcolm X

Advertisement


The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. Eleanor Roosevelt

We are all of us stars, and we deserve to twinkle. Marilyn Monroe

Those who say it can’t be done are usually interrupted by others doing it. James Baldwin

We don’t want to tell our dreams. We want to show them. Cristiano Ronaldo

Power is not given to you. You have to take it. Beyoncé

You laugh at me because I’m different I laugh at you because you’re all the same. Lady Gaga

I have learned over the years that when one’s mind is made up, this diminishes fear; knowing what must be done does away with fear. Rosa Parks

If I have seen further than others, it is by standing upon the shoulders of giants. Isaac Newton

Learn to value yourself, which means: to fight for your happiness. Ayn Rand

You’ll never find a rainbow if you’re looking down. Charlie Chaplin

Related: 50 Famously Successful People Who Failed At First (addictedtosuccess.com)

That which does not kill us makes us stronger. Friedrich Nietzsche

Wise men talk because they have something to say; fools, because they have to say something. Plato

Once you’ve accepted your flaws, no one can use them against you. George R.R. Martin

If you can’t convince them, confuse them. Harry S. Truman

I don’t care that they stole my idea… I care that they don’t have any of their own. Nikola Tesla

A fool thinks himself to be wise, but a wise man knows himself to be a fool. William Shakespeare

If you don’t like something, change it. If you can’t change it, change your attitude. Maya Angelou

Too often we enjoy the comfort of opinion without the discomfort of thought. John F. Kennedy

There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all. Peter Drucker
Doubt is not a pleasant condition, but certainty is absurd. Voltaire
We must use time as a tool, not as a couch. John F. Kennedy
Someone’s sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago. Warren Buffett
